- Add sounds for random target hits. (I think this is done, but need to test. Using random drum sounds right now)

- Add sounds for ramp shot. Helicopter maybe? Woosh? Thunder/lightning (flashers?)

- Speaking of flashers, let's add in some light animations around ejects out of the left, right VUKs and pops/slings

- Smaller modes, like what do the quarters do? Norris says to have them build. Ball start, all 3 are flashing. You have
to hit all three before the group resets. Each hit on a flashing target adds a quarter, plays a QIO shows old/new
quarter count. QIO also shows next threshold (like RS Blast Zone).
        3 Quarters, Light Mystery or score 250k
        6 Quarters, Light Mystery or score 250k
        9 Quarters, light Extra Ball
        18, Light Special
        30, 25 Million
        31+, 250k each

Also, the return lanes have a "Spot Quarter" lamp. These should rotate with slings/pops/kicking targets between the
lamps, but I think they shouldn't always be on. Maybe they "rotate" like: all off, left, all off, right. If hit when
lit, they complete one of the lit quarters.

- Also the top kicker, Manager's Choice. That's something right now, but I think we should
make it more like the striker in WCS. Award something, call it a day. Awards could be:
        Start BROOKS N DUNN Multiball
        Award BROOKS N DUNN Letters
        Select / Start mission
        Extra Ball
        Spot X Quarters
        1 Million Points
        Start ball saver for 15 seconds

Mystery shot lights Managers Choice. Mystery shot (left hole) is lit in Base mode only when Begin Round is NOT lit.

- Need to make Metal Rodeo, whatever that is. I kind of like the "unlimited balls for X seconds" multiball in TOTAN and
WCS. Maybe we do that for 30 seconds, all shots lit. Shots score a certain amount based on how many quarters you collect
which helps prioritize getting quarters.
        <7 Quarters: 1M per shot
        7-12 Quarters: 2M per shot
        13-24 Quarters: 3M per shot
        25+ Quarters: 5M per shot

Shooting the Collect Wizard shot during Metal Rodeo collects the wizard value each time, plus the per-shot value above.

- We need the album value to be a variable value based on the lit insert. Silver = 25k, Gold = 50k, Plat = 100k,
Double = 200k, Quintuple = 500k

- Drop Target bank is used to advance album multiplier. (Need to remove this from the sling/pop/kicking rotator) Base
mode shows default animation on LCD to inform player. Completing bank advances multiplier and scores the album value,
unless it's maxed, at which point it scores 5x the Album Value (which really doesn't require math - it's 2.5M)

- End of Ball Bonus. Suggest counting quarters and multiplying that by the active album value. So, 9 Quarters X Plat =
900k, 7 Quarters X Quint = 3.5M, etc...

- What to do about the Wizard thing? In any mode other than Music Awards, Advance Wizard is flashing. Shooting it adds
25k to wizard value and lights the Wizard shot through the drop targets (drops the two targets if needed) for 10 seconds
(maybe 5). Shows something on LCD and DMD. Shooting there awards the wizard value. Wizard value is NOT reset when hit.
Shooting the left orbit continues to increase the wizard value and light the shot again.

Also adds 25k to Wizard Bonus value, which is added to the Shot Bonus (just
made that up now...25k per shot during a ball), which is multiplied by the album multiplier at ball end.

- Ball search

- Ball save. Do we have this already? Animations for it?

- Add the add-a-ball feature to the mode-ending multiballs. Spinner-to-VUK shot captures ball, queues up ball from
trough, and ejects both at the ~ same time

- High Scores, Replay (not THAT important), Quarter Champion (again, not THAT important. Just made that up now)
